src/pages/certifications/index.md, before:

---
title: Cardano Skill Certifications
description: Skills offered by Cardano communites and their contributors
---
what's good in our communities
---

Click to view more information about any credential

| Type| Name | Issuer | Description |
|--|--|--|--|
| humanity | well-known | ODIN | This person is known to the ODIN community, and that this same person doesn't have any other ODIN-issued humanity cert.|
| humanity | Swam Veteran | Swarm |  This person is a contributor to the Swarm, known and contributing to the Swarm community in some way for a significant time period |
| identity | Verified Artist | DEMU | This person is an artist registered on the DEMU Platform, whose identity information has been verified by DEMU staff and/or community |
| identity | Verified Anonymous Identity | ProofSpace | This person has been verified using ProofSpace's KYC tools, and the person's privacy is protected; no additional information is included in the cert |
| fact | Verified Age 21 | ProofSpace | This person's minimum age has been verified by ProofSpace's KYC tools to be greater than 21 years.  No additional information is included in the cert |
| role | IdeaFest Host | Swarm | Certifies that the Swarm contributor has successfully hosted one or more IdeaFest presentation rooms |
| skill | Channel Host | Swarm | The holder demonstrates ability to host topical discussions, following open & cordial conversation while ensuring various voices and perspectives have space to be heard |
| skill | Channel Facilitator | Swarm | The holder demonstrates ability to host topical discussions, leading, following and guiding conversation through an agenda that may evolve while retaining the key purpose of the channel  |
| skill | Realtime Moderator | Swarm | Certifies that the holder has demonstrated skill at moderating discussions, facilitating progress through expected agenda while moderating disruption when it may arise. |

Commit message:

example detail page for drill-down

src/pages/certifications/index.md, after:

---
title: Cardano Skill Certifications
description: Skills offered by Cardano communites and their contributors
---
what's good in our communities
---

Click to view more information about any credential

| Type| Name | Issuer | Description |
|--|--|--|--|
| humanity | {% link label="well-known" href="/certifications/example/view"    /%} | ODIN | This person is known to the ODIN community, and that this same person doesn't have any other ODIN-issued humanity cert.|
| humanity | Swam Veteran | Swarm |  This person is a contributor to the Swarm, known and contributing to the Swarm community in some way for a significant time period |
| identity | Verified Artist | DEMU | This person is an artist registered on the DEMU Platform, whose identity information has been verified by DEMU staff and/or community |
| identity | Verified Anonymous Identity | ProofSpace | This person has been verified using ProofSpace's KYC tools, and the person's privacy is protected; no additional information is included in the cert |
| fact | Verified Age 21 | ProofSpace | This person's minimum age has been verified by ProofSpace's KYC tools to be greater than 21 years.  No additional information is included in the cert |
| role | IdeaFest Host | Swarm | Certifies that the Swarm contributor has successfully hosted one or more IdeaFest presentation rooms |
| skill | Channel Host | Swarm | The holder demonstrates ability to host topical discussions, following open & cordial conversation while ensuring various voices and perspectives have space to be heard |
| skill | Channel Facilitator | Swarm | The holder demonstrates ability to host topical discussions, leading, following and guiding conversation through an agenda that may evolve while retaining the key purpose of the channel  |
| skill | Realtime Moderator | Swarm | Certifies that the holder has demonstrated skill at moderating discussions, facilitating progress through expected agenda while moderating disruption when it may arise. |
