src/pages/registry-guide.md, before:

---
title: Using Community Credentials
pageTitle: Using the Certification Regsitry
description: Guidance for creating listings on this site
---

Guidance for creating listings on this site

---

## Intro

This dApp provides an on-chain registry of certifications, administered by people in the community just like you.  At this time, we're running on the pre-production testnet, providing a safe space for experimentation and collaboration.

This directory won't show you a list of people HAVING these credentials - instead, it's here to be a kind of bulletin board for the kinds of credentials people CAN or COULD have.  If you have a wish for being able to certify people, or to rely on a certificate people provide in order to use your application, or to participate in skilled contributions within your projects, please be welcome to offer those too!

### Who this is for?

If you're interested in seeing credentials being offered by various organizations, you won't need to follow the information on this page.  Simply click on the [Certifications](/community-credentials/certifications) menu item.

If you're interested in proposing a credential that you or your organization or community would like to offer people, this guide is for you!  Registering an idea for a credential, or a credential your community may already offer, helps other people be aware of what those ideas and credentials are.

As a result of sharing these credentials and ideas for credential, we seek to foster collaboration and transparency, and to develop momentum for people to start using self-sovereign credentials in their dApps.

We also hope to start conversations about the processes and governance practices used by organizations to decide to issue credentials, and for people to know clearly how they can access a credential for which they're well qualified.

### How this registry works

Listing a credential on this website is done in three steps: first, connect your wallet.  second, fill out an onscreen form.  and third, approve a wallet transaction that adds your information to our Registry.

Within 10-20 seconds, your new listing will be visible for other people to view in the registry.

The website will recognize your authority to update (only) your own listings.

#### No, really - how does it WORK?

The Registry is a smart contract, in which each Credential record is stored as a separate entry within the contract address.  At the same time as creating this record, this dApp also sends a unique authority token to your wallet.  It's similar to an NFT (though without an image).

The registry is displayed for everyone to see, after a simple request for all the entries found at the contract address.  Viewers don't need a Cardano wallet.

When you return to this website at a later time and connect your wallet to the dApp, it will recognize the authority conferred by the token in your wallet, and allow you to make changes to the details.

### Getting Started

To register a credential entry on this site, you'll need to connect using the Eternl wallet.  Read more about [tech setup](tech-setup) here.

### Entering your credential details

Start by clicking the List a Credential button on the [Certifications](/community-credentials/certifications) page

#### Existing Credential Programs

If you are part of an organization already issuing credentials with AtalaPRISM: fill in the details of your credential, how it's issued, and what expectations people should have about someone who holds this credential.

Please let people know how you administor or govern the issuance process, too.

#### Ideas for Credentials?

If you're part of a team, organization or community who doesn't yet have such credentials, but you could benefit from having a digital credential, please list those too, as best you can.  

Imagine that people could acquire, and then use that credential within an application or program, thus connecting a human issuance process to digitally-authenticated activities within a dApp such as a voting system, DeFi protocol or other decentralized ecosystem application.

Commit message:

Add suggestion for using Preprod to experiment

src/pages/registry-guide.md, after:

---
title: Using Community Credentials
pageTitle: Using the Certification Regsitry
description: Guidance for creating listings on this site
---

Guidance for creating listings on this site

---

## Intro

This dApp provides an on-chain registry of certifications, administered by people in the community just like you.  At this time, we're running on the pre-production testnet, providing a safe space for experimentation and collaboration.

This directory won't show you a list of people HAVING these credentials - instead, it's here to be a kind of bulletin board for the kinds of credentials people CAN or COULD have.  If you have a wish for being able to certify people, or to rely on a certificate people provide in order to use your application, or to participate in skilled contributions within your projects, please be welcome to offer those too!

### Who this is for?

If you're interested in seeing credentials being offered by various organizations, you won't need to follow the information on this page.  Simply click on the [Certifications](/community-credentials/certifications) menu item.

If you're interested in proposing a credential that you or your organization or community would like to offer people, this guide is for you!  Registering an idea for a credential, or a credential your community may already offer, helps other people be aware of what those ideas and credentials are.

As a result of sharing these credentials and ideas for credential, we seek to foster collaboration and transparency, and to develop momentum for people to start using self-sovereign credentials in their dApps.

We also hope to start conversations about the processes and governance practices used by organizations to decide to issue credentials, and for people to know clearly how they can access a credential for which they're well qualified.

### How this registry works

Listing a credential on this website is done in three steps: first, connect your wallet.  second, fill out an onscreen form.  and third, approve a wallet transaction that adds your information to our Registry.

Within 10-20 seconds, your new listing will be visible for other people to view in the registry.

The website will recognize your authority to update (only) your own listings.

#### No, really - how does it WORK?

The Registry is a smart contract, in which each Credential record is stored as a separate entry within the contract address.  At the same time as creating this record, this dApp also sends a unique authority token to your wallet.  It's similar to an NFT (though without an image).

The registry is displayed for everyone to see, after a simple request for all the entries found at the contract address.  Viewers don't need a Cardano wallet.

When you return to this website at a later time and connect your wallet to the dApp, it will recognize the authority conferred by the token in your wallet, and allow you to make changes to the details.

### Getting Started

To register a credential entry on this site, you'll need to connect using the Eternl wallet.  Read more about [tech setup](tech-setup) here.

### Entering your credential details

Start by clicking the List a Credential button on the [Certifications](/community-credentials/certifications) page

#### Existing Credential Programs

If you are part of an organization already issuing credentials with AtalaPRISM: fill in the details of your credential, how it's issued, and what expectations people should have about someone who holds this credential.

Please let people know how you administor or govern the issuance process, too.

#### Ideas for Credentials?

If you're part of a team, organization or community who doesn't yet have such credentials, but you could benefit from having contributors who'd hold such a credential, please list those too, as best you can.  

Imagine that people could acquire, and then use that credential within an application or program, thus connecting a human issuance process to digitally-authenticated activities within a dApp such as a voting system, DeFi protocol or other decentralized ecosystem application.

If you want to experiment and discuss thing together, we'd suggest switching to Preprod for that exploration.  When you're satisfied, just transfer your final version to mainnet.  This is a safe place to try things on for size.
