src/pages/tech-setup.md, before:

---
title: Tech Setup
pageTitle: Setup - Community Credentials
description: listing credentials for Cardano community
---

A brief guide to your tech setup

---

## Getting Connected with Eternl

To register a credential entry on this site, you'll need to connect the preproduction testnet using the Eternl wallet.   We intend to support additional wallets in an upcoming release.

If you're familiar with wallet setup on Cardano, just do what you know, connecting Eternl to the proprod network.  Be sure you're using their browser extension!

### Guided Setup

If you need guidance on Eternl setup, we'll direct you to an article provided by the creators of the Eternl wallet, with three important notes:

  1. Eternl's "web application" mode doesn't work with on-chain dApps, so you MUST use the dApp-connector-compatible BROWSER EXTENSION route.
  2. This guide starts with the default ("mainnet") configuration - so be sure to click the purple "mainnet" indicator in the lower-right corner of Eternl, to select "preprod" - and then the detailed, step-by-step instructions on [this site](https://builtoncardano.com/blog/how-to-create-an-eternl-wallet) should serve you nicely.
  3. BE SURE to **select the PREPROD testnet environment** and NOT THE DEFAULT "testnet" at this [faucet](https://docs.cardano.org/cardano-testnet/tools/faucet/) page, and paste your wallet address (from step-by-step guide at the link above).  Your test "funds" will arrive shortly.

Remember to click the Plug icon to enable the wallet to connect to dApps, and you may need to send yourself 5 ADA to be used as collateral, as a one-time step in setup.

### Using an existing testnet wallet

If you already have a preprod testnet wallet using some other wallet software, feel free to restore that same wallet into Eternl, using your existing mnemonics.  Simply select the Restore wallet option in Eternl after choosing the preprod testnet.

## Be Careful!

A few pointers and recommendations for wallet safety:

  * Never share your mnemonics with others
  * Use entirely separate credentials for testnet and mainnet wallets
  * Keep clear separation and a separate zone of security for testnet activity

Commit message:

support preprod & mainnet with a switch

src/pages/tech-setup.md, after:

---
title: Tech Setup
pageTitle: Setup - Community Credentials
description: listing credentials for Cardano community
---

A brief guide to your tech setup

---

## Getting Connected with Eternl

To register a credential entry on this site, you'll need to connect  using the Eternl wallet.   We intend to support additional wallets in an upcoming release.

When applying changes on mainnet, this activity will cost a small amount of ADA, to cover minimum requirements of storing content on the network.  For experimentation, we suggest connecting a testnet ("preprod") wallet instead, where "test ADA" can be gotten at no cost.

If you're familiar with wallet setup on Cardano, just do what you know.  Be sure you're using the Eternl browser extension!

### Guided Setup

If you need guidance on Eternl setup, we'll direct you to an article provided by the creators of the Eternl wallet.   The detailed, step-by-step instructions on [this site](https://builtoncardano.com/blog/how-to-create-an-eternl-wallet) should serve you nicely.

Remember to click the Plug icon to enable the wallet to connect to dApps, and you may need to send yourself 5 ADA to be used as collateral, as a one-time step in setup.

**Please note** that Eternl's "web application" mode doesn't work with on-chain dApps, so you MUST use the dApp-connector-compatible BROWSER EXTENSION route, and not their pure-website version.

### Testnet setup
To use the "preprod" testnet, and experiment without spending any real ADA:

  1. Be sure to click the purple "mainnet" indicator in the lower-right corner of Eternl, to switch Eternl to "preprod" mode.  
  2. Follow the detailed instructions at the link above, then...
  3. Get free test ADA in your wallet: at this [faucet](https://docs.cardano.org/cardano-testnet/tools/faucet/) page,**be sure to select the PREPROD testnet environment** and NOT THE DEFAULT "testnet" option.   Paste your wallet address (from step-by-step guide at the link above).  Your test "funds" will arrive shortly.

### Using an existing wallet

If you already have a wallet using some other wallet software, feel free to restore that same wallet into Eternl, using your existing mnemonics.  Simply select the Restore wallet option in Eternl.

## Be Careful!

A few pointers and general recommendations for wallet safety:

  * Never share your mnemonics with others
  * Use entirely separate credentials for testnet and mainnet wallets
  * Keep clear separation and a separate zone of security for testnet activity
